
[< Back to App Information](../#info)

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the Kubashi app (hereby referred to as "Application") for Apple Vision devices that was created by Daniel Perry (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application does not collect any information.

**Third Party Access**

No personal information is shared with third parties.

**Opt-Out Rights**

You can stop the collection of information by the Application by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your device.

### Children

The Application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourages parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (privacy@danieltperry.me) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

### Security

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

### Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to their Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-06-12.

### Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at privacy@danieltperry.me.

-----

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)

-----

[< Back to App Information](../)